Also known as suitable for the fight
As you find out that't can't fight
is also easy SEE
You can catch him
If you gets angry, grandson
Your grandson is satisfied
Who would buy a horse like that?
It's black and white, and it's black and white and black and black and black.
If you sell it for money, it's not a good thing.
Don't say it's a horse.
I don't have any money.
What if I sell it for money?
That's the point.
I don't have money either, so I don't have to know.
I'm going to go to the inn.
If I don't go, I'm going to go to the inn and have a good time.
I'm going to sleep.
You don't have to give birth.
If you don't give birth, what will you do?
Will you give birth to a wife?
It's a bad idea to give birth to a wife while she's sleeping.
You can't just leave her like that.
What if I don't give birth to her?
Why? Why don't you talk to me?
I'm a dog. I'm a dog.
I'm a dog. I don't know what to do.
A wife, a father, a child, who will you answer?
No one can do it if it's my wife.
I don't want to see you on the front.
I'm afraid of the stones.
Most men in the village are afraid of stones.
May you just take back your freedom.
You can
do with the three years.
I told you to go to the hill.
You did?
I don't want to see them.
You should have come earlier.
I'll go there and put the chains on.
Chains?
I'm not stupid.
I'm not a man.
What are you talking about?
I'm old.
I'm so stupid.
eternal pain
I need to send a new reactors today.
There are not enough men.
You'll come to my office at 11 o'clock too.
I'll go to the police station and ask for a new one.
I'll ask for one too.
Come out, goodbye.
You fool, you're going to take me home.
I'm waiting for you at 8 o'clock.
It's already 8 o'clock.
You're going to leave me again.
You fool, you're going to take me home.
You're going to take me home.
You fool.